Allow users to Update API Keys (#146237)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/security/api-keys/index.asciidoc

--header 'kbn-xsrf: true' \
--header 'Authorization: ApiKey aVZlLUMzSUJuYndxdDJvN0k1bU46aGxlYUpNS2lTa2FKeVZua1FnY1VEdw==' \

[IMPORTANT]
============================================================================
API keys are intended for programmatic access to {kib} and {es}. Do not use API keys to authenticate access via a web browser.
============================================================================

[float]
[[udpate-api-key]]
=== Update an API key

> To update an API key, open the main menu, then click *Stack Management > API Keys*, then click on the name of an existing API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an API key, open the main menu, click *Stack Management > API Keys*, and then click on the name of the key.
```

> Only the `Restrict privileges` and `metadata` fields can be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only update the `Restrict privileges` and `metadata` fields.
```

> Only the `Restrict privileges` and `metadata` fields can be updated.

Author: Elasticsearch only allows those fields in the [request body](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/security-api-update-api-key.html#security-api-update-api-key-request-body)

> If you have only the `manage_own_api_key` permission, you see only a list of your own keys.

Author: Great catch! I've added a line in the docs to reference the `readonly` view. @gchaps Would you mind reviewing the new sentence I added?
